docs: update transparent proxy with ebpf docs (#1134)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/docs/dev/networking/transparent-proxying.md

```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Transparent Proxy using eBPF (experimental)

Starting from {{site.mesh_product_name}} 2.0 you can setup transparent proxy to use eBPF instead of iptables.

{% warning %}
To use Transparent Proxy with eBPF your environment has to use `Kernel >= 5.7`
and have `cgroup2` available
{% endwarning %}

{% tabs ebpf useUrlFragment=false %}
{% tab ebpf Kubernetes %}

```shell
kumactl install control-plane \
  --set "kuma.experimental.ebpf.enabled=true" | kubectl apply -f-
```

{% endtab %}

{% tab ebpf Universal %}

```shell

> kumactl install transparent-proxy \

Reviewer: Not sure if for universal it is going to work that way. I think you need provide path to ebpf programs

Author: you are right, updating the PR

```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Transparent Proxy using eBPF (experimental)

> Starting from {{site.mesh_product_name}} 2.0 you can install transparent proxy,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from {{site.mesh_product_name}} 2.0 you can setup transparent proxy to use eBPF instead of iptables.
```

> which to intercept traffic instead of Iptables uses eBPF.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
